{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 GUI (graphical user interface) and CLI (command-line interface) are different methods for users to interact with their computer or laptop, AKA, their operating system. GUI uses visual elements such as apps, icons, and windows to help guide the user through their operating system. This is the method that the majority of people are familiar with and use on a day to day basis due to its easy-to-learn programming that anyone can use, including younger children. On the other hand, CLI is a method based on using commands that directly interact with the operating system. You enter these commands in a terminal or console window, depending on whether you use a system with Windows or Mac. After you input a command, the terminal recognizes the command and performs the task.\'a0\
\
While the GUI appears to be an easier one for everyday people to use, it does use up a good portion of the system\'92s resources in order to work, which can lead to a reduced performance. Another reason why some might say that GUI is more user-friendly is due to its ability to visually display the available functions, whereas the CLI is less visual and has a more text-based numerical display. The downside to having a graphical display in the GUI is lower precision and functionality,\'a0 compared to the direct commands made with CLI which provides higher precision as well as higher functionality and granular control of the operating system. Although it appears like CLI is a better option in terms of precision and performance, it does have a steeper learning curve and requires an extensive technical knowledge of different commands and inputs, whereas GUI is easy to use, offering hardly any learning curve,\'a0 and doesn\'92t require the extensive technical knowledge in order to use the device. CLI also offers more room for error due to misspelling, which leads to an error or a wrong action, such as accidentally deleting files or other information that you didn\'92t intend to! To compare, GUI offers little room for error due to its user-friendly interface, and it generally asks users to confirm certain actions in order to ensure that wrong actions are prevented.\'a0\
\
To expand on which method is used more, it truly depends on how and what they are being used for. For example, CLI is typically used on more remote servers, and is actually the preferred system to use in enterprises for management tasks. On the other hand, the GUI is mainly used for office machines, desktops, laptops, and mobile devices. I feel like we definitely see and use the GUI more due to the growing variety and popularity of mobile devices and user-friendly systems, and the fact that it\'92s easier to sell a product that relies on the GUI method; user-friendly being a major advertising point for tech companies. }