{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This was an incredibly inspiring video to me. I loved the whole concept he started off with; childhood dreams. I feel like childhood dreams are something that people either shove off or take for granted, because \'93I was a child and that\'92s a silly dream\'94 or the thought that those dreams would just never happen, they\'92re dreams for a reason. But this video shared the insight that you 
\f1\i can
\f0\i0  achieve some of your childhood dreams if you put in the proper dedication, if you want them enough, and if you work at them from various angles. He also taught me that it\'92s okay if you don\'92t achieve your dreams, experience is another great accomplishment. His quote \'93Experience is what you get when you didn\'92t get what you wanted,\'94 is great in that way, because you may not be getting what you initially wanted, but you\'92re getting something else that is equally valuable, experience.\'a0
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 It made some of my stresses and worries about not getting the life that I want to live go away a little. If I want to live a certain life then I will work hard to get that, or at least some part of it. I don\'92t want to give up just because it seems impossible or like there are too many brick walls in my way. To reference another quote that stood out to me and affected me the most, \'93Brick walls are there for a reason, they let us prove how badly we want something.\'94 And I think that\'92s incredibly true and it\'92s something I will keep in mind moving forward in school, even within this next week with school starting and things feeling a little chaotic. I really want to graduate and figure out my path in life, so I will find a way to work through this chaos and complete it to the best of my ability. I want to travel and have my own home and my own life, and I will find a way to do that regardless of all the obstacles in my way. There is always a way. And that is what this video reassured me of.\'a0
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 I have a very similar outlook on life and way of going about life, but being reminded of those initial values and thoughts is incredibly helpful because it\'92s easy to forget sometimes and kind of let your mind spiral a little when things get hard or things don\'92t work out exactly as you planned. I agree that experience is a gift and a success, even though it\'92s not what you initially wanted. I still think that when it comes to bad experiences. I\'92ve experienced and learned from them, and now I have knowledge that I didn\'92t have before that I can use to prevent it from happening again. I also agree with what he said with \'93people will show you their good side, just wait,\'94 to some extent. I think it is a good thing to wait and give people a chance instead of going off of your first judgment. On the other hand, some people just won\'92t have a good side that has your best interest in mind, and in those scenarios, I say it\'92s okay to just walk away and not waste your time on this thing. I agreed with the part where he said that in order for people to be nice to you and to respect you, and to be a good leader, you need to have gratitude for those around you. Some of the best teachers I\'92ve had have really shown me gratitude and have done everything that they can to help me get closer to reaching my goals, and I think that\'92s an incredibly powerful tool to have. I will definitely remember that as I go forward and enter more team-based areas, not just with school but with work and any other opportunities that may arise along the way.\'a0
\fs24 \
}