{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I can see how adapting certain methods that align with your learning style can help you actually learn the material. For example, if I were to label myself a learning style, I am a Visual Learner. Some of the suggestions from the quiz to help improve my learning were to color code things, draw pictures to help understand concepts, and write down key words, ideas, and instructions; all of which I already do without knowing that they would aid visual learners. They are just methods that work for me, but I know that they also work for people who may be considered Reading/Writing Learners. I agree with the article when they said that an improvement was shown in the students who used multiple learning styles. \
\
I found it interesting, and agreed, when they proposed that the actual way to go about learning was to have students space out their study sessions and elaborate on material in order to make meaningful connections. This is definitely a strategy that I have seen more in college compared to high school and middle school, where teachers and their lesson plans heavily focused/relied on learning styles. I know that it\'92s different for everyone and that someone else may not benefit from the elaborating type of learning strategy, but for me it has helped me learn concepts in a much easier and interactive way. I enjoy learning when I\'92m able to critically think about something, offer my opinions and reactions to it, as well as think introspectively about how the material affects/relates to my life. It helps the topic stick better in my brain, as opposed to kind of disappearing after I complete the assignment. These assignments that incorporate forum discussions or reflection papers like these also encourage me to talk about these topics with other people to hear their thoughts on it. I think hearing different perspectives and opinions is incredibly useful and interesting, so these forums are a great way to discuss these assignments for me. \
\
The fact that even though the \'91space out and elaborate\'92 method has been scientifically proven to have improved student learning, yet the education system, primarily in high school and below, still push the idea that learning styles are what matters and are what will help you grow. It feels very counterproductive to me that the education system chooses to stick with that idea instead of looking at the research and utilizing the method that actually helps students learn things in a long-term fashion, whereas the other method is very short-term. }